[Security] Add changelog note about calling the constructor of `DefaultLoginRateLimiter` with an empty secret (#51551)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/Security/Http/CHANGELOG.md

---

 * `UserValueResolver` no longer implements `ArgumentValueResolverInterface`

>  * Calling the constructor of `DefaultLoginRateLimiter` with an empty secret is deprecated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Deprecate calling the constructor of `DefaultLoginRateLimiter` with an empty secret
```

Author: Updated :+1: I'm not exactly sure how to word this [in 7.0](https://github.com/symfony/symfony/pull/51550/files#diff-6d49df895edd288cee25c95df434ae329795980f8024cdeb33ccd66ab65fb52cR306) :thinking:
